`Development`: Avoid database queries with pagination and left join fetch (#8741)
ls1intum/Artemis: docs/dev/guidelines/database.rst

    @EntityGraph(type = LOAD, attributePaths = { "exercises", "exercises.categories", "exercises.teamAssignmentConfig" })
    Course findWithEagerExercisesById(long courseId);

> 2. **JOIN FETCH**: The ``JOIN FETCH`` keyword is used i a custom query to specify a graph of relationships to fetch. It should be used when a query is custom and has a custom ``@Query`` annotation. You can see the example below. Also, explicitly or implicitly limiting queries in Hibernate can lead to in-memory paging. For more details, see the 'In-memory paging' section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **JOIN FETCH**: The ``JOIN FETCH`` keyword is used in a custom query to specify a graph of relationships to fetch. It should be used when a query is custom and has a custom ``@Query`` annotation. You can see the example below. Also, explicitly or implicitly limiting queries in Hibernate can lead to in-memory paging. For more details, see the 'In-memory paging' section.
```

    final Set<ProgrammingExerciseFetchOptions> fetchOptions = withGradingCriteria ? Set.of(GradingCriteria, AuxiliaryRepositories) : Set.of(AuxiliaryRepositories);
    var programmingExercise = programmingExerciseRepository.findByIdWithDynamicFetchElseThrow(exerciseId, fetchOptions);

> 4. **In memory paging**: Since the flag ``hibernate.query.fail_on_pagination_over_collection_fetch: true`` is now active, it is crucial to carefully craft database queries that involve FETCH statements with collections and thoroughly test the changes. In-memory paging could lead to runtime errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **In memory paging**: Since the flag ``hibernate.query.fail_on_pagination_over_collection_fetch: true`` is now active, it is crucial to carefully craft database queries that involve FETCH statements with collections and thoroughly test the changes. In-memory paging could lead to performance decrements.
```

When possible, use the default Spring Data/JPA methods for the second queries.
An example implementation could look like this:

 .. code-block:: java

    // Repository interface
    default Page<User> searchAllByLoginOrNameInCourseAndReturnPage(Pageable pageable, String loginOrName, long courseId) {
        List<Long> userIds = findUserIdsByLoginOrNameInCourse(loginOrName, courseId, pageable).stream().map(DomainObject::getId).toList();;

        if (userIds.isEmpty()) {
            return new PageImpl<>(Collections.emptyList(), pageable, 0);
        }

        List<User> users = findUsersWithGroupsByIds(userIds);
        long total = countUsersByLoginOrNameInCourse(loginOrName, courseId);

        return new PageImpl<>(users, pageable, total);
    }

    @Query("""
            SELECT DISTINCT user
            FROM User user
            JOIN user.groups userGroup

>             JOIN Course course ON course.id = :courseId

Reviewer 2: I'm just gonna reopen as it's neither resolved nor answered.

            WHERE user.isDeleted = FALSE
                AND (
                    user.login LIKE :#{#loginOrName}%
                    OR CONCAT(user.firstName, ' ', user.lastName) LIKE %:#{#loginOrName}%
                )
                AND (course.studentGroupName = userGroup
                    OR course.teachingAssistantGroupName = userGroup
                    OR course.editorGroupName = userGroup
                    OR course.instructorGroupName = userGroup
                )
            """)

>     List<User> findUserIdsByLoginOrNameInCourse(@Param("loginOrName") String loginOrName, @Param("courseId") long courseId, Pageable pageable);

Reviewer: Could this directly return the id and use `List<Long>`?
